Interesting thing jr In the accident that the power transmission vehicle collided with the vehicle for work and derailed overturn in the yard of Kawasaki Station
Transportation Safety Board of the country is seen as a vehicle for work before that train travel is completed has entered into the line
We investigate the situation at that time, focusing on the safety management system.
Due to the impact of this accident, jr Keihin Tohoku Line has suspended operation on some sections
I head for Tokyo in the morning at jr Kawasaki Station this morning.
A remodeled train was running on the northbound line of the Keihin Tohoku Line
Collide with the vehicle for the work to transport the material 1 both eyes and second car was overturned battle
In this accident, the driver of the power transmission car and two people of the conductor have light injuries to their heads etc.
It means that
Hand-made dyeing students at Kawasaki Station on the mobile line
It is very difficult for the customer
Hey reported
Also looking for
On the other hand I think it's a success
Recovery does not take 3 hours to imagine
According to jr East Japan
I will start work from 1:13 am when the train service is over
Derailed transmission vehicles pass through the site
Is that was the last train
Normally, the site manager is supposed to start work after confirming the passing of the train.
This time the vehicle for work entered the track without waiting for the passage of the power transmission vehicle and an accident occurred
is
For this reason, the Transportation Safety Commission investigates the situation at that time, focusing on the safety management system.
According to jr East Japan, the Keihin Tohoku Line is between Tokyo's Takara and Yokohama's Tsurumi under the influence of this accident.
I have stopped driving at
I will go to Shinjuku from now on that day and I will go to Shinjuku but now
By no difference and I have surprised I think that if Re should somehow
The Keihin Tohoku Line is expected to take considerable time to restore all lines
On the other hand, the Tokaido Line with parallel tracks near the site is almost as usual
Nambu Line is driving as usual